Kaggle-Walmart-fcst-tensorflow
==============================
Reimplementation of Kaggle's Walmart sales forecast challenge using TensorFlow, Keras and NN.
Look at diary.log for details of the experiments I run to find the solution.

Previous implementations:\
https://github.com/mulargui/Kaggle---Walmart-forecast-challenge \
https://github.com/mulargui/Kaggle-Walmart-fcst-in-Spark

Directories:\
docker. how to create and manage the container. Extended tensorflow container adding additional libraries. Note: I ended up using Colab for development so this is not fully tested.\
k8s. templates to create the service in kubernetes. tested with minikube. Edit setup.bat to point to the directory where you cloned the repo. Note: I ended up using Colab for development so this is not fully tested.\
kaggle. all the info related to the challenge\
src. Source code of the solution and other files I used to explore several aspects of the data 
  * DataPreparation. Massage of the data for the neural network. Things like normalization, adjustments, generate dummies,... Generates new train and test csv (samples in /data)
  * PredictionNN. The neural network code. Generates prediction.csv
  * SubmissionPreparation. Takes the prediction and other data and generates Submission.csv, the file to submit to Kaggle.
  * ExploreXXX. Exploration of diverse aspects of the dataset.\
data. samples of data (.csv) generated by the different src files. zipped to reduce size

You can see how I set up minikube in the repo http://github.com/mulargui/healthylinkx-k8s 

Note: Keep in mind if you clone this repo in Windows that shellscripts' line breaks will be adjusted to Windows and will not work in minikube. You will need to edit the files.
